First class is the payment class, which is used to pay the payment for the hotels and the package or
everything.
So this is class is defined inside the package travel and we have imported the package here.
Import 1.8. colour.
So this package will help us with the different colours provided by this package.
Then there is another cost in the package container which will help us to contain all the elements of
the interface into a container.
Then there is a font which will help us to manage font.
The styling in this window.
Then there is a dot dot image which will let us create an access image from our device and action event
will help us to perform any event on buttons and any kind of event.
Mouse click or keyboard key pressed or.
But then.
Then there is the action listener by which we can define the action performed event.
And there is a Java export swing to provide a better interface of the graphical user interface.
After that, we have initiated the definition of the class payment, which is extending the frame and
being inside the class.
We have defined the non parameter constructor payment inside which we have set the layout as null.
After that we have set the bounds for the frame whose location will be 600 comma to 20 and its size
will be 800, cross 600.
So this will be the size of that payment window.
After that, we have defined a label labeled as pay the payment and set the font for that label.
Font families as a real font type as bold, and its font size is 40.
And then we have set the bound for that label.
So the size location is 50, comma 20 and its size will be 350 plus 45.
Then we have added that label to our.
A frame up that we have created an image icon instance which will be loading the image from over a specified
part which we have passed into it.
So it is using class loader.
Get system resource.
So get system resource will help us to load the image by passing the location of that image to it,
to that method.
So we have passed icons .6. jpg that will be the name and location of our image.
This will get the image from there.
Then we will create an image object eight, which will be getting the image and scaling its instance.
So it will be fixing the size of that image and storing the image icon that is it.
Now we have created another image icon and on the basis of the previous X, so that will create an image
icon object nine.
After that we have added that image icon object I9 into the label into our label.
So that label will hold this the image I9, I9 and after that we have set the bound for that label.
The label will look at it as zero comma, 150 and its size will be 800, cross 600.
Then we have added a label to our frame.
After that there is a button P which will be labelled as P and the inside, which we have added.
It's actually list of the button for that.
We have performed the event.
So inside the action performed method, which is taking an action event, we have defined the dialog
box only g option pinned or so message dialog passed it null and payment done successfully.
So after when you click on paste, it will show that payment done successfully.
It is not referring to any payment page because that will create sometimes errors and that not looked
like a better interface as well.
So we have just showed the display box dialog box has been mentioned successfully.
After that we have set the bound for that pay button.
So bound for 2020 will be the location of the button and its size will be 80 cross 40.
After that, we have added the button to our frame.
After that, there is another button labelled as back.
This will let us move back from that window.
After that, this we have added action for that back button as well.
So inside which we have defined the action performed inside the action form.
We have set the visibility of the current window as false.
After that, we have set the bound of the back button location as five, ten, comma 20 and sizes eight,
cross 40.
Then we have added the back button to our frame.
After that, we have set the background colour of the window as white and set the visibility of the
window as to inside the main function.
What we have did is creating a new payment instance and setting the visibility as true.
Now let's have a look on our about Java file.
So this is our about Java file.
So it is defined inside the package travel.
We have imported the necessary package.
First one is java JWT, which will help us to create graphical user interface.
Java dot dot event package will help us to manage events in this window.
Java exports linked package will help us to create attractive designing for the window and a dot font
will help us to manage the font, styling, size and family of the font in this window.
Java X door frame will help us to design a window energy frame and Singapore class will help us to create
a shorter four hour window.
After that, we have defined our about class this about class field holding the information about this
project and this web based, desktop based application.
So which is extending frame and implementing action listener inside which we have a button instance
B one and a label instance L one, three font instances F, F and F two and a one text instance demon
and a string instance.
As then we have defined the.
Non parameterized constructor about setting the layout of the frame as null.
Then we have defined a button labelled as exit, adding that button to our frame.
After that, we have set the bound for the button whose location will be one comma for 30 and its size
will be 120 cross 20.
After that we have added accent listener to the button.
Then we have created a font object new font railway font bold type is bold and font size is 180 and
set the font f.
After that we have defined a string which it containing about project.
The objective of the Travel Training Management Project is to develop that automates the process.
So this is all about the introduction which we have stored inside the ESC, inside a string with the
list and the new line.
All, all of this.
After that, we have created a.
Text area.
So text area.
We have created an object of the text in a new text area past that is string in the text area its location
will be ten, comma 40 and it will be a scrollable vertical.
And after that.
We have set the editable property of this text area as false, so we cannot edit that text.
It will non editable and after that we have set the bound for that.
Bacteria, which will be location is 2100 and its size will be for 50 cross 300.
Then we have added that text area to our frame.
After that we have defined the font f one and that is railway font mold 16 and set and set the font
over the text area.
So this font property will be applied over the content of the text area.
After that, there is a container.
We have defined the content pane.
The stored content pane will get the content pane and even new text areas or even is equal to new text
area.
And there is a label about project adding that label to our frame.
After that, we have defined the bounds for that label, whose location is one 7100 and its size is
180 cross 80.
After that there is al1 set or foreground.
This is color dot red.
So it will be of red colour setting the colour of the label, then the font F2 font, family railway
font type, bold font size 20, setting the font for that particular label.
After that, there is a set LB which will set the bound for the complete window.
The location is 700 comma to 20 and its size is 500 plus 550 layout as null and set with visibility
of the current window as true.
After that, inside the action performance event, we will just expose the current class and inside
the main function we have just created the instance of the current class and set the visibility of the
window as true.
So this is all about the last remaining two classes of this project that is travel and tourism management
system.
And let's have a look at the run running of these two classes.
So I'll be running first payment class if I run this class.
This is how the payment class will look like.
Pay the payment.
We will click on pay or either back.
So if I click on pay, it will show payment done successfully because we are just showing a dialog box.
If I click on back it will be closed.
This is the output of payment class if I show you the output of about class.
So.
That's how the about class output will look like.
This is the about project which is vertical.
It is vertically scrollable.
You can see the definition about projects here.
Click on Exit, it will move us back to the page.
So this is all about these two classes.